hello everyone and welcome back to
Terraria 1.3 and today we have the
fastest weapon in the game officially
this beats two bladed club it's pretty
much the blade o'clock 2.0 and it's
actually defected back knacks
now it sounds like a silly name I
probably butchered the name as watch you
can see over here their claws very much
like the bladed Club but in this case
they're bigger you will be able to hit
multiple enemies at some point I mean
look at this it's kind of stretching it
right here they will be have to be yeah
they'll have to be pretty close to each
other because otherwise you won't be
able to at them because the range is
very limited on this they're all jumping
on the hell of a trip it that's not
being super helpful but where do you get
this well you actually get the fit the
back max from the Crimson mimics during
hard mode in any crimson Isle and look
at this and this is just at the normal
speed so let's actually take a closer
look at the item before we do anything
else before we buff it up with speed the
fatigue bag max 70 melee damage 4%
critical strike chance insanely fast
speed already without altering anything
by the way
an average knock back that is a really
cool drop from the crimson mimics unlike
The Life Drain The Life Drain is kind of
a letdown
honestly we get defected back max that
is a really really cool drop the Life
Drain oh that will be kind of a shame so
anyway enough talk let's have at the
dummies and let's actually buff up our
attack speed right now now okay we're
back now and I have reforged absolutely
everything let me actually go over what
I did first of all I made the fetid bag
next
legendary because legendary now has the
same speed as light I double double
double double check to make sure of this
then we go to my accessories over here
first all of my armor hallowed mask 10%
melee haste we have the shadow scale
right here 7% increase melee speed we've
got the soul affair leggings over here
50% increased me with sweet in melee
speed then we've got the file in feral
claws all this file in by the way that
is 12% melee speed over here 16 in total
and we have 60 more percent in total we
have 60 more percent in total we have 14
percent more in total and then we also
have the celestial shell with the 4% and
the miner stats increase to all so as
you can see we have buff table buffed it
up so much that it is now just a solid
sprite as we walk along this is
officially the fastest weapon into re
history
and that we have buffed it up to insane
measures folks so I'm really excited to
see how this is going to work out
against some boxes so let's kick it off
right now so first of all comes up go to
live Cthulhu of course let's look at
this guy come on closer buddy I don't
look at that where you are absolutely a
meat drying right now
this is ridiculous look at this well
yeah then he does have to run into us
but boom he's dead now he's absolutely
dead
now we sell the main attraction which is
gonna be the destroyer of course because
we want to see like how do we turn him
down this way look at this okay we're
just gonna walk through him oh my god I
wish we could actually get his body like
that over there oh if you would actually
cross his body that'd be amazing as well
but yeah it could just shred apart a
party destroyer
it is absolutely insane that it there's
just no motion in that sprite anymore
we're just holding it up as if we're
like using a magic mirror but it's never
actually calling us back that's how
that's what it looks like right now this
is the fastest melee speed you can
possibly get it's ridiculous okay you
don't even see the weapon swing it's
gotta make me stutter and it's kinda
damn lost and now this is a really cool
drop from the Crimson chest do crimson
mimic just I should say I will say it
again and life training you need to take
a lesson from this little weapon over
here absolutely and look silly it might
be a little bit too high up but oh my
god the cool stuff you can do with this
and the speech you can achieve you can
break all the laws physics nature
anything you break em all again with
this weapon let me know the comment
below guys what do you think I think
it's damn awesome and yeah that's that's
why I've been on that so let me know
until next time see you